Adjustments to A11y Lang Attribute section (#1467)
ember-learn/guides-source: guides/release/accessibility/application-considerations.md

In this section, you will learn about the configurations and libraries that affect an entire application's accessibility.

## Lang Attribute

> Declaring the language of the HTML document explicitly allows users to be better able to understand your content.

Reviewer: For brevity,
```suggestion
Declaring the language of the HTML document allows users to better understand your content.
```

> Both assistive technologies and conventional user agents can render text more accurately when the language of the Web page is identified. Screen readers can load the correct pronunciation rules. Visual browsers can display characters and scripts correctly. Media players can show captions correctly. As a result, users with disabilities will be better able to understand the content.
> [WCAG Success Criterion 3.1.1: Intent](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/Understanding/language-of-page.html#intent)

> A primary language should be defined on the `<html>` element's `lang` attribute. For existing Ember apps a developer may edit the `index.html` file or leverage [ember-intl](https://github.com/ember-intl/ember-intl). [Soon Ember CLI will allow for creating new applications with this attribute set for you automatically](https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-cli/pull/9259).

Reviewer: Although [RFC #635](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/635) has been accepted, since the work is in progress, I don't think it's a good idea to mention in the Guides a feature that doesn't exist yet.

I think a better approach may be to add a TODO item in https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-cli/pull/9259. Once the `--lang` feature lands, we update the Guides once more (an alternative location may be Ember CLI Guides).

Would this be okay with you?

```suggestion
A primary language should be defined on the `<html>` element's `lang` attribute. For existing Ember apps, a developer may edit the `index.html` file or leverage [ember-intl](https://github.com/ember-intl/ember-intl).
```

Author: Sounds great, mentioned in the ember-cli PR this as a future TODO item.

> The `html` element may not have multiple `lang` _values_. Instead, an element containing content in a different language than the `html`'s `lang` may be wrapped in an element with its own `lang` attribute.

Reviewer: The 2nd sentence felt a little awkward. Does the following convey your meaning well?

```suggestion
The `html` element may not have multiple `lang` _values_. If an element contains content in a language different from the primary, then you can provide the element its own `lang` attribute.
```

> ![For example, a HTML tag may have a lang of "es" while a paragraph may have a lang of "en"](/images/accessibility/application-considerations/lang.png)

Reviewer: The linter wanted the article of "an." Let's go with "the" since there's only one `<html>` attribute.

```suggestion
![For example, the HTML tag may have a lang of "es" while a paragraph may have a lang of "en"](/images/accessibility/application-considerations/lang.png)
```
